# Course and Exam Management System

It is about an “Online Course and Examination Management System”, entering we can see login page in that login page we can find branches of the institution how they look, total branches their locations and their contact details. There is an option for resetting the password while entering details. If it shows incorrect details, then there is an option to contact CATS. If you are a new user, click on the sign-up option, then you can go to the course and Registrations sign-up portal. In that, enter the required details and submit, then go to the login page, enter userID and password, and click login; you can go to the home page. You can find Four Portals called exam registration, course registration, exam manager, and courses manager on the home page. Now go to the course registration portal then select the required courses; you should at least select five courses. If you select less than five courses, then a message will be shown like select at least five courses, if you want to select extra courses or if you want to delete any course from selected courses then go to course management and what are the total courses selected can be seen in profile page. Registration for the exam can be done in the examination registration portal in that you should select subjects you want to write by giving time slots like FN or AN and the date you want to write the exam. Here also can add the subject you want to write and delete the subject you do not want to write in the exam management portal. After registration is completed for exams, you can see the total subjects selected for writing exams you can see in the profile page. While deleting any course, you do not want in course management; it will ask Are you sure same as in exam management. If you delete all selected courses, you can find no courses on the profile page. After successfully registering courses, you will get These are your enrolled courses and successful registration for the exam you will get These are the courses you enrolled for exams, and then you can log out.Once logging out is successful then your entire data is safely stored with us and can be viewed when ever you login with the credentials you registered with. Your data will not be disclosed to any other student or faculty, it solely in the hands of the Management.
